People
sport
Classes
Friends
I really do not know what was positive for me
Ability to learn by myself
Events like carnival and open house
The carnival
Dorm Room
Positive thing is that i become more scheduled person
Events
Teachers support
"
I have made friends from all countries
The best English teacher that i have ever had
New friends and residential life
The most positive thing about my semester has been the different parties and fun events that were organized for us to relax after so much pressure
Being a part of this big family
beside studies the co-curricular activities like open house etc, help us a lot in discovering and meeting new peoples.
SLA's Support
My tutorials
I have learnt a lot of interesting thing in English, Math and Science. Every day was full of positive!
Carnival 2016 hehe
Inauguration Ceremony
My English skills level become much more better than before because of my dear teacher Nasima Yamchi. Now I am able to think critically and express my thoughts more easily in English.
Carnival, opening ceremony, tournaments, my friends, just in general all the activities
welcoming 11 grade students
math
Friendship
Independence
New people that I met that become my friends
Found more friends and receiving good education
sport
English lessons. Nasima made this semester special to me
to get new experiences, to learn about other culture, interactive classes
meeting new people, interesting classes with very good faculty and of course the best student life ever!
UCA Cup; English, math,  and science classes; everything
food
new friends and a lot new information from classes
The active learning
I am working in health club team with Robin, and I am trying relax myself by drawing with her.I am glad that we have Robin. As well I like spending time in Erik's office having conversations with him and Jonathan :)
group work and collaboration
Stanislav, Ian, Bunyod, Erik, Robin
The most positive things were holidays and sport games.
English classes were the most positive aspect in this semester.
I've found a lot of new friends.
