Time management
sport
Science i w
Writing skills in English
I want learn from the best teachers. Actually I do not want change Ian Canlas and Bunyodjon Tusmatov.
"UCA should give more free time to study by yourself.
Uca should divide all dtuddnts by major and give more lesson regarding their major ( computer science- more math; environmental science -more science lessons"
We should switch teachers for different modules In English.
Writing skills
Nothing
I would extent the class time and bann giving homework
Everything is good
More free time to have rest and be prepared for next day
I need to overcome my procrastination and I believe I will overcome this and do my home tasks before deadline
I wish we would have more volunteering staff
I am satisfied by everything so far
I would like the faculty to practice and help us more with studies. Very often, we face a lot of difficulties with our classes, especially science. Therefore, I would like our faculty to make our learning simpler, if possible through deep explanations.  Moreover, I would like our classes to be more interesting and engaging.
I do not have problems with teachers. But I hope we can sometimes go out to Naryn and to have our classes there
the homework's and assignments are too much to do in our spare time, as we need to rest also.
Home assignment pressure: We usually do not have time after classes to complete home assignments.
Read more books about biology, physics and chemistry
I improved my writing skills. (Thank Rosa)  I really love math since my teacher is really cool. And science was a little bit complicate, but i have learnt how to study independently.
I would like to improve my science knowledge
-
I want to see the improvements more in Math and Science.
Math and Science. Struggled a lot.
essay writing
English speaking
Writing and listening skills
Language skills
more activities and interactive learning
Giving more time for studies
everything (i.e math, English, science)
i would like to work on my math and perfect my science skills
less theory, more practice
everything was really amazing! But it would be better if we have more writing tasks to improve grammar and writing skills at all.
my math knowledge and English writing
english writing, science basics
N/A
Less science homework. Would like if all the worksheets are provided electronically and the slides of class are available via email.
I think that teachers should be allowed to share presentations. because it's really confusing when you are trying to listen to the teacher and take notes at the same time.
presentation skills.
Time management
I am satisfy with everything. Although I will try better to show up myself.
My math skills.
Essay writing
