Nothing.
more activities.
I will try to be more sociable.
Meet me people.
I do not know. I am satisfied.
We are not team. So we should create something to be a team.  Sport games is great ,but one problem is not all students are going to bubble.
Clubs which are once a week should not be cancelled at the very last minute.
Math knowledge, my writing skill.
Ethic of students.
Banning students from speaking russian.
Have more clubs.
More activity and volunteering.
I want other clubs to be as functional as health club.
Nothing. Everything seems fine to me.
Nothing so far.
I would like to participate more in clubs and different activities, as I didn't get much chance to fulfill it this semester due to shortage of time and the volume of our classes.
More sport activities.
"I am doing quite well in UCA campus and I would prefer having no change regarding my activities.
 ".
selected students is been involved in every student activities which does not give a chance to others to participate. Somehow, it is too unusual to see same student's face everywhere. Hence, limitations should be implied to participate.
Be more open minded and accept the diversity as much as I can and help other students regarding this issue.
my student life experience in this semester was quit boring, since I did not have time to do some activities such as art night or clubs. However, I could watch movies during the weekends and go to yoga. I love my student life advisers, counselor and faculty.
I would like to start my diversity club.
To have an opportunity to converse with everyone, not only with people from my country.
Actually so far so good, but how I mentioned above I want to improve in Math and Science.
More parties because they are fun and also would be good to have clubs on weekends so I would be able to attend all of them.
to be more friendly.
Late time meetings.
Learn Kyrgyz Language.
Time.
more fun.
Managing my time.
writing.
Have more to fun activities.
more yoga on the weekends).
More games in groups to make us closer with each other and more events like carnival)).
to be more active everywhere and to better manage my time.
international relationships and knowledge of playing of board games.
I am satisfied with everything!.
More fun activities such as trivia nights or gatherings where just everyone comes together
1.Internet connection.2. variety of food. I don't eat chicken and most of the time they cook only chicken. 3. I think that we should attention to our lounges and choose duties because they are really dirty and people don't clean after themselves.4. Library. People wasting paper and do not clean after themselves.
improve my relationship with all my friends.
Relationship with other students.
Despite all the studying, I will have more rest sometimes and look more energetic.
More team-building activities.
To expand my academic vocabulary.
